GETTING THE 'IceWMCPSystem' PLUG-IN:

The 'IceWMCPSystem' plug-in is a new, somewhat experimental program for
viewing extensive information about your computer's hardware (and other system
information).  As of IceWM Control Panel version 2.3, the 'System' applet in
the control panel is configured to launch the 'IceWMCPSystem.py' program, a
plugin available on the download page
(http://icesoundmanager.sourceforge.net/download.php) in packages starting
with 'IceWMCP-Hardware-plugin'.  Information about the plug-in, and
screenshots, can be found at:
http://icesoundmanager.sourceforge.net/modules/icewmcp-system.php .
Currently, pre-built, easy-to-install binary packages are available for
i586-Intel systems in both tar-ball and RPM format (with 'i586' in their file
names).  For all other systems, you will have to get the 'source' package.
NOTE: This is an UNSUPPORTED plug-in - NO technical support will be provided
for this plug-in with regards to building, installing, or using the plug-in.
DO NOT send me emails with questions about the plug-in.  It works on my
system!  If it works on yours...good, if not...oh well.  To repeat, this is an
UNSUPPORTED PLUGIN  (though, not unmaintained).  This means if you can't get
it to  build or install, do NOT whine to me about it: Fix it yourself or just
forget about it.  That's why it is distributed as a PLUG-IN and not part of
the main IceWMCP distribution package.  The IceWMCPSystem plug-in now replaces
the old, next-to-useless 'guname' as the 'System' applet in the control panel. 
